Calvin Chan, UCLA, works at SkillShare in SoHo

Where'd you grow up?

"I grew up in the suburbs near Los Angeles. People seem to have a very specific idea of what the LA lifestyle is like, but most of that is just fabricated by Hollywood. My childhood was nothing like what you see in the movies. It's funny because New York is the complete opposite of that. Everything I've ever heard, seen, or dreamed of is real. It's here."

Do you remember a transformative moment in your childhood?

"I had my mind set on attending UCLA because I really wanted to be in the Marching Band. I was part of the drumline in high school and really wanted to keep doing what I was doing. And then I got to college, and was cut from the band my first year. I didn't really know what I wanted to do beyond that, you know? Like I had this idea of what I wanted to do, and it didn't happen. But then I started programming and won my very first hackathon. That was it. It wasn't so much winning that got me hooked, but just seeing that I was able to create so much in such a short period of time. When I was little, I used to always love building things with cardboard and legos; participating in hackathons helped reignite that passion within me. That really inspired me to keep using technology to build cool things that have the potential to impact the world."

Where do you see yourself in 4 years? 

"To be honest, I don't know. And that's the exciting part, isn't it? Where I want to be is constantly changing. If you asked me this question 2 years ago, I would have told you I wanted to be in a professional band. A year ago, I probably would have said Silicon Valley. The only thing I'm certain about is that there is no certainty. I've grown to love traveling and meeting new people who are passionate about what they do. I'll probably be living in some foreign country... or traveling and completely integrating in another culture. I don't want to say I'd be a hermit, but yea, that would be pretty cool."

If you could give one piece of advice to yourself 4 years ago, what would it be?

"Stay out later. As mad as my mother was every night I stayed out past midnight, some of my best and most memorable experiences came from staying out late and doing ridiculous things.
But in all seriousness, carefully evaluate every action you take. Impulsive decisions are rarely the best option, if ever. Every action has its consequences. Remember what is truly important and think through every decision you make. There is no ctrl-z in life."