Goes to Rutgers University and works at Cafe.com in NoMad

Where did you grow up?

"I was born in New Brunswick, NJ. Ironically, it is right next to my college. I have one brother and sister, they're both younger than me. I grew up in the same school system. I did a lot of sports growing up. I looked at colleges for track and field. Mostly, I was looking at business programs. I only applied to one tech related college program. Computer science is my minor, but my major is Information Technology."

Do you remember a transformative moment in your childhood?

"I took a class that was for Art Majors at Rutgers. The class was for HTML and CSS that helped you design a basic site. I took the class and ended up making a video game. I started taking more web design classes and eventually got more into developing. I went to the Domincan Republic in high school with my family but mostly ditched them to go explore on my own. I ended up meeting some really cool people. I had never been outside of the country before then. It was the most accepting place I have even been. It was a very human and organic thing." Since then I have been to London, Paris, Russia and South Africa mostly because of that experience.

What's you're biggest struggle right now?

"I'm in a transition period where I have to do "real world things." I don't really have a rock. I'm 21 years old and I can't say my parents really know me. My family split up a few years ago. Since I was the oldest, I had to take a lot of the burden. I was the only one of my siblings who was really understanding what was going on. I felt like it would be selfish to demand a lot out of my parents when I was applying to college. I perpetuated an image of myself that would appease them. It's felt like I needed the support of my parents to do a lot of things. I didn't want leave my siblings alone and go succeed on my own."

What advice would you give the person you were 4 years.

"It's okay to do something for yourself now and again. It's hard to me to justify putting myself in the "first" position of prioty when there's other people or situations involved. I'm likely to put a personal desire aside to put the needs of others ahead of mine. I'm getting used to seperate myself from others, so I can explore my interests for myself. There were few times where I could say I accomplished something soley for myself. Now, I'm making an effect to accomplish things for myself."

Where do you see yourself going in 4 years?

"I don't feel passionate enough right now to do "Plan A." But I definetly have a "Plan B and C." I'd like to work at a startup whose product has some value to me. I want to be at a place in my life where I'm intrinsicallly valued. I'd love to be at a point where I have enough value that I can share with others, like mentoring. I just want to do enough to be able to share."