Went to University of Cincinatti, works at DataDog

Where did you grow up?

"I grew up in London. We were close to the train line, so it was cool. When I was 12 we moved to the US. My dad got a job at CVS which bumped up our quality of life a lot.

I felt like I never fit in. There were a couple factors: my parents didn't tell me we were moving to the US. We moved right right around the tie of 9/11. I got into a lot of fights growing up. My parents came into school to meet guidance counselors. I don't intend to go back to anywhere I've spent time in the past because I'm not the same person I was when I was there. There's so many opportunities to have so many different experiences."

Do you remember a transformative moment in your childhood?

"I was very resistive to moving to the US. Who wants to be the new kid, at the new school, in the new country? My best friend is someone I met at a Carnegie Mellon pre-college program. For the first time in 5 years, [due to moving to NYC] we've been able to consistently hangout. At CMU, I realized that I could find people I could relate to. I started bonding with people around tech.

What's your biggest struggle right now?

"I've graduated already. After August 8th, I have no idea where I'm living. 
I have no job lined up post HackNY. I'm not sure if I'll be in New York or San Francisco in 3 weeks. I've never been able to say that I have literally no idea where I'll be in three weeks before. My original plan before I found HackNY was to do the whole nomadic vagabond thing and just travel the world.

I think feeling fear or failure is a waste in many ways. For the most part It gets in the way of doing things."

Imagine the person you were 4 years ago, what advice would you give that person?

"Four years ago when I got to college, I didn't have a tech community. I went to my college mostly as a financial decision. I realized the value I could dervive from my university wasn't the degree. I essentially payed for the experience of being in Student Goverment. For me at least, the projects I was working on in college were not as fufilling as the projects I'm working on now. I have this fancy resume of student involvement, but that has not given me the network at the level I want to operate on. Cincinnati did not provide that for me. The hackathon community has really changed the quality of my network. It allowes you to interact with your peers accross the country and really leveled the playing field. 

I wish I could be a freshman in 2014. The hackathon movement has create a lot of these great communities. I have so many friends from hackathons alone. I have gained their friendship much faster than anyone I did in college. We can relate our experience through technology."

Where do you see yourself going in 4 years?

"This is an easier question to answer than where I will be in 3 weeks. Words like "bed" and "consistent food access" are much more of a tangible issue right now. I'm hoping Shy four years from now, at the very least has that figure out. I have to figure out how to feed myself in 3 weeks. I think the long term goal is to find cool problems to solve '96 making an impact with the autonomy to be creative. I've done corprate life, but I felt like I didn't have any impact. I have lots of interests outside of being purly techincal and startups give you that autonomy.