Boston University, works at ChallengePost in Meat Packing

Where did you grow up?

"I was born in Santa Monica, California and then moved down to Laguna Beach. Spent most of my life in Laguna. I have a fraternal twin brother and a younger brother. Laguna is a small beach, surf town. There's no tech community there, so Boston and my University was a huge influence on me. My dad got a CS degree back in the 1960s, but it wasn't like I grew up in some sort of techie household.'

Do you remember a transformative moment in your life?

"Last summer, I moved to Santiago, Chile for three months. We ended up scoring this super cool government contract. We were programming, surfing and drinking good wine. I remember being up super early in the morning sitting on my balcony and wondering how I got here. Living in South America is a whole different world.'

What's your greatest struggle right now?

'You have all these friends growing up and people go different places. It gets really hard to maintain those friendships. I still think we don't find enough time to just 'hang out.'"

What advice would you give the person you were 4 years ago?

'I was a senior in high school four years ago. I was 180 degrees different. I was not involved with tech at all. My freshman year, I had this awesome roommate, Anthony, who was a CS major. I always remember coming home from class and hanging out with friends wondering what this guy was doing all day on his computer. I was so confused. I found out that he was working on these cool projects. My interest just took off from there.

My advice: Try as many things that interest you. It takes an hour out of your day. If you find something that you keep coming back to, just stick with it.'

Where do you see yourself in the next 4 years?

"This comes out of my time in South America: I see myself in the future as a 'technological pirate.' I'd love to go into developing countries that are still building out their infrastructure and help them out through technology. How cool would it be to go to some wild, remote country and motivate people to make things that can drastically improve their quality of life. Most of the world is still developing. I love people who go to these obscure places and come out with a story. That's where I see myself in 4 years... A Tech Pirate."