Former Freshman at Harvard University transferring to MIT. 

Works at Foursquare in SoHo and BMuse in Greenwich Village

Where'd you grow up?

'I was born and raised in Boston. I grew up in a very unstable household and from a very humble financial situation. I went to public school and always had a wider perspective on the world because of what I had experienced. Early on, I made a choice to not let my past hinder me and to make something good and meaningful out of my life. Instead of turning to drugs or anything like that, I found engineering and music. The combination of my will to live a better life and the need for financial aid drove me to work towards schools like Harvard and MIT because I knew that they'd be supportive and would lead me to a more successful life. But beyond that, I've always wanted to be a Disney Imagineer because I think that those people are putting so much good into the world and teaching children to believe in magic and solidarity. Especially after seeing so much cruelty and pain when I was younger, the will to eradicate that and make the world a safer and more supportive place is prevalent in everything I do.'

What's your biggest struggle?

'For me, it's really difficult to tread the line between doing what you need to in order to survive and doing 'exactly' what you want to do. For example, at Harvard, there was this constant dichotomy between working towards my career and pursuing my other interests there really just wasn't any support for interdisciplinary work or the types of things I was interested in. I felt that I couldn't simultaneously do what I needed to do to set myself up for a successful career while pursuing my other interests. That combined with a disappointing engineering department, a social culture that just wasn't right for me, and a fantastic academic opportunity at MIT, I had little reason to remain there. For me, experiencing and resolving that struggle will be one of the defining moments of my life.'

What advice would you give the person you were 4 years ago?

'Four years ago, this month, I was playing Billy Flynn in Chicago at Middlesex School of Summer Arts, where I was striping on stage in the opening song. I had never done anything technical before and couldn't imagine I'd be where I am now. My advice: Really get over any of the insecurities with asking for help. Don't worry about being competitive with other people. So many people fall into that trap. If you're too proud to ask for help, that's such a problem. Keep perspective on every situation. Know that there's a million different perspectives. Go to New York a lot more. Every time you go there, you realize there's a massive world out there and that you're this little insignificant spec.'

Where do you see yourself in four years?

'In four years, I want to be completely comfortable and proficient with my technical abilities. There's a million things you can learn and I'm not good enough yet to just whip out a prototype really quickly. I want a foundational technical knowledge so I can basically go do anything. When you play an instrument, you learn the technique so you can express yourself and there is a stream of emotion and consciousness from your brain through your instrument. I want that same feeling, but with technology. I also just want much more exposure to humanities. I just want to know what else is out there and to be able to communicate and work with anyone from any discipline.'

What type of path should people be on?

'Regarding the whole startup/tech scene, I think the movie 'The Social Network' has put people on the wrong path. As someone who has been on the ground at Harvard, I can see how they have sexualized the whole thing and completely blown it out of proportion. They basically told kids that if they learn to code, drop out of college, make a crap-load of money, sleep with girls, and make an internet startup, they'll have succeeded 'that's what science and technology is being portrayed as leading to. To me, that's the completely wrong way to look at it. Whatever you main goal, it needs to be deep-seated and genuine and literally be bursting out of your soul. It has to be something where you're positively impacting people. Something to help the world psychologically. The biggest and most important problems now are all social. For example, what AirBnB does is not just give people a cheap place to be, it is making people actually trust one another, which I think is a much more important social impact. If you were lucky enough to be born in a situation where you have the tools and opportunities that people like I have, it's your obligation to help and contribute to the lives the other billions of people in the world. It's an obligation, not a choice.'