Goes to Columbia University, works Magnetic.com

Where'd you grow up?

'I was born in Belgium. We moved to the US when I was young so I don't have any memory of Belgium. I lived on Anna Maria island just off the coast of Florida for most of my life. I remember spending a lot of time with my grandparents. My dad was a designer, so he worked a lot with illustrator. We had a G3 Mac, as I remember. I had a Macintosh, one of the early versions as my first computer."

Do you remember a transformative moment in your childhood?

"I thought I wanted to be an architect growing up. I had a teacher who told me I had an "engineering mind." I ended up doing a lot of things in Physics thinking I wanted to be a physicist. I did a High School science research program as part of Baylor University my junior year. When I was there, we did a lot of cool stuff. Technically it was research on "bilayer complex plasmas." Which means space dust in a plasma that gets charged and lines up and does weird things. Anyways, a lot of people there did things on the computer. They used computer code, so after that, I took a Computer Science class online." 

What's your biggest struggle?

"I really want to do my own thing (a startup). Although, i'm not sure if I need to work somewhere to get experience first so I can do it. I have trouble knowing what the "right" path is. Should I do this startup thing or work at a company for a few years. I'm really interested in machine learning and applying my skills there."

What advice would you give the person you were 4 years ago?

"Four years ago, I was really focused on getting into a good college. I wouldn't say that I shouldn't have done that. Sometimes I did things just so they looked good on my resume. However, I think if I were to do it over again, I would still do things for college, but do things that I also really enjoy."

Where do you see yourself 4 years from now?

"I really want to travel a lot. My parents traveled the world when they were younger, but when I was growing up, they never wanted to travel. I'd love to go to Asia and study Buddhism. Although, I really want to be in New York. It's a struggle. At the same time I want to travel, I want to have a place in New York and be somewhat financially secure. I would be happy in almost any situation really. I'm motivated to be the guy who does "a lot of things really well." Startups and tech is really against people who don't have a specific skill in "one" area. However, I want to change that."