Goes to Virginia Tech, works at App Nexus

Where'd you grow up?

"I moved so many times when I was younger. I was born in China then moved to Colorado, Missouri, Canada, Virginia and then now Texas. 

I grew up loving to draw things. My dream was to move to New York City and be an artist. I remember one time growing up in Missouri, an artist came to my middle school and drew a Lion for me. There was a girl I wanted to impress. When I got home and my mom asked me what I did that day, I showed her the picture of the lion and said that I had drawn it. I didn't really. So for the next few weeks, my mom paraded me as the boy who drew the really good lion picture. Since the artist drew it quickly, it looked like I could have done it. 

For many years up until college, I kept getting better at art to prove that I could be just as good as the person who drew the lion. 

Also, I really admire my Dad. He was a food delivery man back in China. I remember riding in the car with him back when I was younger. I would be eating food in the back while he was delivering things. He moved us all to America. Now, he's a Professor at Texas A&M teaching Agriculture."

Do you remember a transformative moment in your childhood?

"I visited China back in high school. When I was at a shopping mall, I had lost the person I was with. The thing I thought best to do was go towards the exit and wait for them there '97 since there was only one exit. While I was there, I noticed a book store. I never grew up speaking Chinese, so I went to the English section of the bookstore. Here, I found a book about the brain and neuroscience. I immediately fell in love with it, and transitioned to wanting to do things with the brain. When I came back, I started reading books by a man named Jeff Hawkins who studied how we could make technology that emulates the brain. Since then, I've dedicated myself to learning about the brain and trying to recreate it in software." 

What's your biggest struggle?

"There was always this fantastic excitement I got from first starting my projects and research. What I struggle with is keeping up this excitement as time moves on. It's really hard. There was a point where I stopped doing research for 3 months but picked it back up. It's always a challenge to keep my curiosity going."

What advice would you give the person you were 4 years ago?

"Four years ago, I had no idea I wanted to do what I'm doing now. I thought I wanted to do art. I would say that I should spend more time with my family. I would make my mom a meal for all the meals that she has cooked for me.

I see a lot of my friends who are really intelligent but think that their body is only a mechanism for getting their brain from place to place. I think it's really important to nourish your body and keep it healthy. So even though you should focus on doing work, your health should come first." 

Where do you see yourself 4 years from now?

"My goal has always been to learn as much about the brain as I can. I am continually working to try to recreate the brain through software and computers. I think AI is one of the most interesting fields. I could see myself working with some really great people in that area. Maybe I could do research at a company in this area. It's exciting."